docs: readme addition (#609)
raccoongang/xblock-video: README.md

- Wistia: https://raccoongang.wistia.com/medias/xmpqebzsya
- Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_yD_cEKoCk and others.

### Vimeo

Vimeo is an online video platform that allows users to upload, view, and share videos.
It is designed for storing and publishing professional and user-generated video content,
including films, music videos, video tutorials, and much more. Vimeo offers both free
and paid subscriptions, depending on how users want to use the platform.

> When using this provider for video content playback, the Vimeo player is utilized.
> This results in the uploaded transcripts in the Video XBlock not interacting with
> the video interactively. However, students have the ability to download these transcripts.
> To use transcripts in conjunction with videos on the platform, it is necessary to upload
> the transcripts directly in the Vimeo editor. In the advanced settings, there is an option
> to allow students to download the transcripts uploaded to the Vimeo service. This is
> achieved by integrating default transcripts (API keys need to be specified).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a known issue related to the subtitles/transcripts' functionality.
The Vimeo player will only display subtitles uploaded through the Vimeo platform account
web page. To allow users to download Vimeo subtitles you'll need the Vimeo API key added
to the x-block advanced settings. Transcripts uploaded through the Studio for the video
block can be used only for download.
```

Author: done
